Implementing DDD by VV - Notes
------------------------------
Strategical Design && Tactical Design

Avoid Anemic Domain Model
- The Java Bean standard was originally specified to assist in the creation of visual programming tools for Java (configurations throught reflection)
- Hibernate was introduced to persist domain models
- avoid the impostor Application Service à la Transaction Script

Ubiquitous Language
- The Ubiquitous Language is a shared language developed by the team—a team composed of both domain experts and software developers.
- the Language is more centered on how the business itself thinks and operates
- team speech and the code will be the lasting expression of the Ubiquitous Language
- There is one Ubiquitous Language per Bounded Context 

How You Can Sell DDD to Your Boss
1. The organization gains a useful model of its domain.
   + we will deliver exactly what is needed to achieve competitive advantage
2. A refined, precise definition and understanding of the business is developed.
   + details can help your business analyze the value of the current and future direction, both strategic and tactical
3. Domain experts contribute to software design.
   + the chances of developing “tribal knowledge,” where only a select few understand the model, are reduced
4. A better user experience is gained.
   + software trains the users, which reduces the training overhead to the business
5. Clean boundaries are placed around pure models.
   + purity in direction allows for focus on the potency of the solution, with efforts directed to where they matter the most
6. Enterprise architecture is better organized.
   + the boundaries are explicit, and the relationships between them are as well. This can lead to a very thorough understanding of the entire enterprise architecture.
7. Agile, iterative, continuous modeling is used.
   + it is about carefully refining the mental model of domain experts into a useful model for the business. The model that is produced is the working software
8. New tools, both strategic and tactical, are employed.



-------------------------------
### Refs
Anemic Domain Model - https://martinfowler.com/bliki/AnemicDomainModel.html
